h1. Emmet (ex-Zen Coding)

Emmet is a toolkit for high-speed HTML, XML, XSL (or any other structured code format) coding and editing. The core of this plugin is a powerful abbreviation engine which allows you to expand expressions—similar to CSS selectors—into HTML code. For example:

@div#page>div.logo+ul#navigation>li*5>a@

...can be expanded into:

<pre><code>
<div id="page">
        <div class="logo"></div>
        <ul id="navigation">
                <li><a href=""></a></li>
                <li><a href=""></a></li>
                <li><a href=""></a></li>
                <li><a href=""></a></li>
                <li><a href=""></a></li>
        </ul>
</div>
</code></pre>

"Read more about current Emmet syntax":http://docs.emmet.io/abbreviations/syntax/

h2. Installation

# Go to _Help > Install New Software..._ in your Eclipse IDE
# Add "http://download.emmet.io/eclipse/updates/":http://download.emmet.io/eclipse/updates/ in update sites
# Check _Emmet for Eclipse_ group in available plugins list, click Next button and follow the installation instructions
# Restart Eclipse

h2. Plugin Overview

This plugin provides the features:

* Expand abbreviations by Tab key
* Tab stops and linked mode support
* Simple install and update process
* Change action shortcuts in Eclipse's Keys preferences page
* Works across all Eclipse editors
* Preferences support to fine-tune output for each syntax and add new abbreviations and snippets

*Aptana 3 users:* since Aptana 3 can also expand snippets by Tab key, there might be collisions in expanded result (for example, for @div@ tag). You can remove unused snippets for Aptana bundles in order to make Emmet plugin work properly.   

h3. Contributions

"Django snippets":https://github.com/andreyfedoseev/zen-coding-django-snippets
